Docs: Adding minor edits to the Quick Start Guide (#22500)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/quick-start.md

### Using the installation script

To speed up the installation process, you may use our monorepo installation script. To do so:

>  - clone the Jetpack repo: `git clone git@github.com:Automattic/Jetpack.git` using a public SSH key ([recommended](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/master/docs/development-environment.md#clone-the-repository)) or `git clone https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack.git` using HTTPS

Reviewer: What do you think about cleaning this up a bit, maybe like this?

```suggestion
 - clone the Jetpack repo using one of these two methods:
 	- A public SSH key ([recommended](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/master/docs/development-environment.md#clone-the-repository)): `git clone git@github.com:Automattic/Jetpack.git`
 	-  HTTPS: `git clone https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack.git`
```

Author: Love it, will add that.

The Jetpack Monorepo requires the following to be installed on your machine:

- Start by cloning the GitHub repo:

> 	-  `git clone git@github.com:Automattic/Jetpack.git` using a public SSH key ([recommended](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/master/docs/development-environment.md#clone-the-repository)) or `git clone https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack.git` using HTTPS

Reviewer: Same as above
